friends welcome today I want to talk to you
of a very delicate subject something that is going to
happen here in the municipality of papantla
atizapán and a little bit of naucalpan
It is at this time of construction
from the second floor
the company electro lx something like that
the name that I will leave the description
good is to let the detail pass here
What I want to comment on is that they are
doing the second floor of the peripheral
and it's going to happen exactly where are the
Lateral or pasted on the side entrance
and the fast ones or in exactly here
here
and they're going to tear down all those trees not
I know I will go a little more space or
least for you to see all the
trees that you see in the center we
they are going to throw us they are going to cut
that on the other side cutting the trees
that they had back to the side of at least
a thousand trees from here to open in a
golden valley but the second floor is going to
happen exactly here so they're going to
throw the many trees all that
they are seeing trees in a few months already
they will not exist I do not know what the
destination if you simply cut them
I do not know if the company is responsible
or created in recently I saw a
construction here in the world and I'm
doing the extension of the square
and the trees take it out with a machine
I do not know of a machine as special of the
tree root is very similar those trees
they are 20 years younger
and good in the world where he commented
a little while ago a successful musician
they took out the root trees and they're going to
transplant I do not know what will happen here
see how many trees are not said to
Take the time to count them
I do not know that some thousand trees and if it is not
that more missions are more adverse
with the mentions they will throw away because
are
are not suitable let's say the ones for
interests of those people why by
what's going to happen on that floor below
removed trees were just like these
in the central ridge very similar to
this one where they were thrown
I 'm almost going to arrive
well almost almost when it's going to truncate
the second floor that the satellite
exactly in those areas all these
trees are not going to exist in a little
time that coincided with me I hope that
someone who is watching this video with
this some authority some legislator
announcer someone someone
because they approach the president of the
republic if it is that they serve
governor of the state of mexico live
that situation what will happen to your
trees
it's easy and some close cut the
really big trees that I think that
We are 20 years old, this is for example
he is 30 years younger
and I do not know if it's so easy to get there and
cut them to make a way
because I know he has that help does not help
the system of villains have more
Realities
but what about all the trees do not
I do not know, it's a little unfair to have
a
a life and cut kill them
that's what happened to the other side but
some seedlings there are ugly palm trees are not
the same oxygen follow this
foliage
I hope someone who knows the area
percent of what I'm talking about in the other
side that are approximate from 6 kilometers
they removed all similar trees
in the license that traveled 6 km 5
kilometers traveled living
I arrived here is this world
in the square with second where cut
the students that I tell them did not cut them
they were taken out by the roots to show them for
transplant another side I hope that here
pay the same to avoid this short
for these trees please if someone
someone who is seeing knows another
person who can be something is not
says in the green environmentalist of all
that the second they wash off they help the
ecology
I want that in this detail exactly
here here is where the work comes
this is where I was connecting the second
part and here if you realize here no longer
there is no tree all the Saturdays we
they cut and put in place these
small trees are there
please see
what is the difference not to force
trees that do something or get this
that is only for the benefit of
them because it's not even free it
they charge to get on the second floor and
a lot is something expensive
at the service of the second floor here in
satellite allowed us because the
colors very difficult solutions
floor to floor
and good study to make you more
long this video I hope someone
know someone who can help us
spread this news are more than a thousand
trees that are going to pull to make the
second floor asks for migration
writing to the part below is the
subscribe button will reach us
our videos and we make apart from
these social videos and videos of
know in our city we did
some tutorials and interesting things
many friends because we are in the
next